Oh, yeah, dating.
I'm here today to talk business with you
Talking about business, Mr. Zhao, you really talk about me
How can a doctor do business?
Hey, this business today?
You have to do it.
I want to make it into a drink
Developed
Tell Cao Cao that the curative effect is very good
I want to allow the tutorial to pass the early market
The natural future is very promising.
This share is also considered as the technical department
Also account for 70%
All members behind our Zhao family contract
30% share
How about we get 10%?
I didn't mean that.
This house is free
If you want a while, I will give it to your wife.
Besides, you gave me this store.
Not a penny
Come on, let's have less meetings
This store
I'll pay you for my old man's treatment
He doesn't count as renting
It's for you.
I have asked Shuangshuang to apply for a transfer of property rights certificate for you.
As for this share
Since you don't mind
Then count as you abandon me
Our Zhao family takes advantage of you
Count me in
Mr. Zhao, let me answer the phone first
Hello, Mom.